
1)	What is the internet?
		The internet is the world’s most popular computer network. 
		It began as an academic research project in 1969, and became a global commercial network in the 1990s. 
		Today it is used by more than 2 billion people around the world.
		
2)	Where is the internet?
		The internet has three basic parts:

		i)	The last mile	===>	Currently about 60 percent of residential internet connections in the United States are provided by cable TV companies such as Comcast and Time Warner.
		ii)	Data centers	and	====>	For example, Google, Facebook, and Microsoft have all constructed vast data centers in Iowa.
		iii)	The backbone	===>	consists of long-distance networks — mostly on fiber optic cables — that carry data between data centers and consumers.
		
3)	Who created the internet?
		The internet began as ARPANET, an academic research network that was funded by the military’s Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA, now DARPA). 
		The project was led by Bob Taylor, an ARPA administrator, and the network was built by the consulting firm of Bolt, Beranek and Newman. 
		It began operations in 1969.
		
		in 1973, software engineers Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn began work on the next generation of networking standards for the ARPANET. 
		These standards, known as TCP/IP, became the foundation of the modern internet. 
		ARPANET switched to using TCP/IP on January 1, 1983.
		
		During the 1980s, funding for the internet shifted from the military to the National Science Foundation. 
		The NSF funded the long-distance networks that served as the internet’s backbone from 1981 until 1994. 
		In 1994, the Clinton Administration turned control over the internet backbone to the private sector.
		
4)	What’s an IP address?
		Internet Protocol addresses are numbers that computers use to identify each other on the internet. 
		For example, an IP address for vox.com is 216.146.46.10.

5)	How does wireless internet work?
		In its early years, internet access was carried over physical cables. But more recently, wireless internet access has become increasingly common.

		There are two basic types of wireless internet access: 
			i) wifi and 
			ii) cellular. 
		
